>> Richard Feldman: Here's how we could
annotate the model that we used in
the previous exercise.
We could write out this entire
elaborate nested record, and
this is perfectly accurate.
If we wanted to put this in our program,
Elm would accept it, it would say, yes,
I agree,
that is what your model looks like.
It's a record of a selectedTag field,
which is a String, a List of articles,
which is a List of also records.
Each of those records has a title String,
tags, which is a List of Strings, and
then body, which is also a String.
But as you can imagine if your
program gets kind of big,
you don't want to write
all this out all the time.
That's just a lot of
stuff to be repeating,
especially if you have multiple different
places where a model is being used.
You don't have to copy and paste all that
around, fortunately, we don't have to.
We can do what's called a type alias,
which is a way to give a name to a type.
So just like we can have declarations,
where we say user name equals, quote,
RTFeldman, that's giving
a name to a value.
Type alias is a way to give
a name to a particular type.
And it's most often used
with more elaborate types,
sort of of compound types like this
that have other types inside of them.
Like records or parameter types.
Once we define our type alias for
Article, then the type alias for
Model gets much more concise.
Now we can say selectedTag is a String,
and articles is just List Article.
It's a list of articles and
then we've defined elsewhere
what it means to be an article.